Start Contributing: Add best practices to 'Review docs pull requests' section (#16770)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/start.md

## Review docs pull requests

People who are new to documentation can still review pull requests. You can
learn the code base and build trust with your fellow contributors. English docs
are the authoritative source for content. We communicate in English during
weekly meetings and in community announcements. Contributors' English skills
vary, so use simple and direct language in your reviews. Effective reviews focus

> on both small details and a change's potential impact.

Reviewer: Nicely put.

The reviews are not considered "binding", which means that your review alone
won't cause a pull request to be merged. However, it can still be helpful. Even
if you don't leave any review comments, you can get a sense of pull request
conventions and etiquette and get used to the workflow. Familiarize yourself with the
[content guide](/docs/contribute/style/content-guide/) and
[style guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) before reviewing so you
get an idea of what the content should contain and how it should look.

> ### Best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Best practices
```
In various different places, I've seen people write “good practice” rather than “best practice”.

## Review docs pull requests

People who are not yet approvers or reviewers can still review pull requests. You

> learn the code base, and you begin to build trust with your fellow contributors.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
can learn the code base and build trust with your fellow contributors.
```

> You don't need to be a good developer or writer to review pull requests, but you do need

Reviewer 2: Remove this sentence.
```suggestion
```

Author: I see your point, but I didn't infer that omitting opinion is part of _Use simple and direct language_. I'd like to emphasize that people who think of themselves as newbies can still review PRs, and I'm not convinced that "People who are not yet approvers or reviewers can still review pull requests" quite covers that.  How about "People who are new to the Docs can still review pull requests." ?

Reviewer 2: How about:
> People who are new to documentation can still review pull requests.

> to be a good human being. This is a community that uses English for written and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

English docs are the authoritative source for content. We communicate in English
```

> verbal communication. Contributor's English skills are at different levels, so

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
during weekly meetings and in community announcements. 
```

patience and clear, concise feedback are very important for maintaining good
community relationships!  If you show yourself as thoughtful, polite, and
diligent through your reviews, other reviewers will be more likely to prioritize
your pull requests and collaborate on your ideas. To borrow from Mark McLoughlin's [An
Ideal OpenStack Developer](https://blogs.gnome.org/markmc/2014/06/06/an-ideal-openstack-developer/)
post, you need to know when to be
[empathetic](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/empathetic), when to be

> [pragmatic](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/pragmatic), and when to

Reviewer 2: Remove lines 302-310

Author: "If you show yourself as thoughtful...." to the end - remove as personal opinion. However, I think "Contributor's English...." is an important point. Is "Contributor's English skills are at different levels. so use [simple and direct language](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#use-simple-and-direct-language) in your reviews." an acceptable option?

Reviewer 2: How about:
> Contributors' English skills vary, so use simple and direct language in your reviews.

> be [dogmatic](https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/dogmatic). A good

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Effective reviews focus on both small details and a change's potential impact.
```

> reviewer focuses both on the big picture and the little details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The reviews are not considered "binding", which means that your review alone
won't cause a pull request to be merged. However, it can still be helpful. Even
if you don't leave any review comments, you can get a sense of pull request

> conventions and etiquette and get used to the workflow. Take a look at the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Familiarize yourself with the
```

> [Content](/docs/contribute/style/content-guide/) and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[content guide](/docs/contribute/style/content-guide/) and
```

> [Style](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) guides before you review so you

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[style guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) guides before reviewing so you
```

get an idea of what the content should contain and how it should look.

### Best practices

> - Be polite, considerate, and helpful; it's your job to help people get PRs merged

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Be polite, considerate, and helpful
```

> - If you are asking for a lot of changes, make sure at least one comment is positive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Comment on positive aspects of PRs as well!
```

> - Comments should be constructive rather than destructive; before leaving a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Be empathetic and mindful of how your review may be received
```

>   comment, minimize conflict by thinking about how defensive the PR's author may

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   feel when reading your comment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Give the PR author the benefit of the doubt; for example, if the author

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assume good intent and ask clarifying questions
```

Author: I admit you got me on "the benefit of the doubt" as an idiom

>   misspells or misuses a term, you could ask the author if they meant to use the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   correct term instead of bluntly pointing out the mistake; telling someone they

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

>   are wrong often raises defensiveness; we want to raise confidence and foster collaboration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Do not turn a review into a sparring match

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - If you are an experienced contributor and you see a new contributor's PR that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Experienced contributors, consider pairing with new contributors whose work requires
```

>   needs a lot of changes, consider reaching out to that new contributor and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
extensive changes
```

>   offering to have a pair writing session

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
